Hello everyone.  So in today's video
we are going to talk about ICICI LBT stock.  The
current price of the stock is
₹1959.30
and today's trading has seen a strong rise of 3.21%
in this counter.
And this chart that you are
seeing, we have set it in one day time frame.
The first thing you will see here is a zone.  There is
an important support level
which was previously acting as resistance here.
We were getting rejections from here multiple times.
Finally, there was a breakout.  The
breakout occurred with a high power candle.  Then
after the fall here, it retested and
bounced upwards again.  Then
after making a high at almost 265 here,
after the fall again, it is
getting an upward bounce multiple times by taking support here.  Because
what was earlier a resistance here has now
converted into support.  In this case, even if it
falls back, the chances of it
bouncing upwards again from here will be
high.  Also, if we talk about the
MACD indicator, a
bullish crossover is being seen.
Green bars are seen forming above the zero line,
which is currently giving a signal of strength.
So the chances will remain high that there will be a
bullish sentiment in the stock.  Okay friends,
draw this support on the chart.  The period from
1860 to
almost 1900 is important.  I hope
you have understood all the information given.  The
video is
made for educational purposes only.  There are
no buying recommendations in this video.
If you liked the video,
please like, share and subscribe.
Let's meet in the next video.   Till then
take care.